I've been in business for 13 years I've
sold nine companies my last company I
sold for 46.2 million I own acquisition.
comom which right now does about $17
million a month across our portfolio I'm
going to compress 13 years of brutal
business truths and lessons into this
one video brutal business truth number
one sell to rich people until you have
the money to sell all the poor people
the middle is where you get killed Elon
said you can either do a lot of good for
a small amount of people or a little
good for a large amount of people and I
will tell you personally it's way hard
to do a little good for a lot of people
than a lot of good for a small amount of
people there is a reason that Tesla
started at the top they started only
selling to rich people they had the
Roadster which was $250,000 and so they
sold those and then he was able to go
down Market one and sell $100,000 cars
to just upper Ash line of society the
wealthy and then after that he made the
X which is a little bit cheaper than
that and then underneath of that he made
the model 3 which was going to be the
mass model right and each time it was
significantly harder to do the one
before because if
if you want to sell based on value in
terms of low
cost you need to build the
infrastructure for huge amounts of
demand because the only way that you
make money selling to poor people is
selling tons and tons and tons of them
look at Walmart look at Amazon these are
businesses that were built for volume
day one and they win on efficiency that
was the whole point Amazon he wanted to
have the best selection and the lowest
prices Walmart everyday low prices they
want they win on efficiencies like they
all fly coach they use fold out cheairs
they drink out of paper cups they
purposely breed the culture of
efficiency because it's the only way
that you can win if you sell to poor
people and I say poor people to be
hyperbolic in terms of my language so
that it drives the point home obviously
I buy from Amazon but the point is is
that the strategy is based on
volume and you've probably heard some of
my other tweets around this which is
solve rich people problems they pay
better or if you solve rich people
problems you get to charge rich people
prices this is what I think the key
Insight is is that to someone who only
has $11,000 when they pay you $100 they
pay you 10% of their net worth their
expectations of what they're going to
get for that $100 is the same as a rich
person giving you 10 million of their
$100 million it would be gigantic right
in terms of their expectations but
getting a rich person to give you $100
they might have you notice and so the
thing is is that it's actually easier in
some ways to solve rich people problems
because they're willing to pay more in
an absolute sense for lower relative
value and so with that extra profit or
gross margin you can absolutely overd
deliver for them and still make money
and not have to learn all these things
with infrastructure so for example if I
wanted to start a bank I would have to
have $25 to $100 million to start it up
but if you do that then you have to
build the infrastructure that you can
handle money for zillions and zillions
and zillions of people a very hard
business to get into and so the idea is
that you want to sell at least this is
my belief is that you want to sell
premium you want to sell s to wealthy
people you want to sell to a niche
person that you can do a lot of good for
in a very small slice because you don't
have to compete against everyone you can
have inefficiencies and still make money
without having to have tremendous
infrastructure and skill around building
it once you make a ton of money doing
that you can obviously just do more of
that which big fan or you say you know
what the next thing I do I want to do
for zillions and zillions of people and
so then you build a business like a
Netflix that think about how insane
Netflix is just as a concept
you pay $13 or $15 a month or whatever
it is now and they create movies and
shows and they spend millions of dollars
and they sign Comedians and they've got
all these shows that are streaming and
you pay $14 a month it's absurd think
about if you were said hey Mom and Dad I
want to start this Video subscription
and I'm going to just pay millions of
dollars to get all these shows and
movies made for us and I'm just going to
charge 14 bucks it would be absurd
that's how much value you have to
provide to someone who doesn't have
money to capture huge slices of the
market how are you going to beat Prime
$99 a year or 129 a year whatever it is
now right and with prime you get
basically all Netflix with Prime video
you also have next day shipping same day
shipping with anything that you want to
buy 99 bucks a year $129 a year if you
build to sell to the masses you need to
build like you're going to sell to the
masses and you're usually going to have
to put a ton of money in for a long
period of time because you have to have
that infrastructure upfront to deal with
that volume to have such a crazy value
discrepancy that someone who has no
money still never wants to cancel that's
the key whereas if you go to wealthier
people you can get a premium you can
have five clients that all pay you
$5,000 a month and make an amazing
income and have the resources to
actually do a good job and hire a couple
people to help you out who are competent
and you can do that when you charge more
money and those people are not the ones
who are like and everybody's hurt seen
this me where the $50 month customer is
like hey so for this $50 a month what am
I going to get now we make fun of that
that's the reality of if you're taking
5% of someone's paycheck it means a lot
to them whereas if you're going to
somebody who's making a million a month
and they pay you five grand if they get
one good thing a year they're stoked and
they're like oh yeah I sent the wire did
you get it like the difference between
working with somebody who's on the lower
end versus the higher end and so being
very clear about who you serve not not
serving other people going down Market
only if you have the infrastructure to
support huge amounts of volume and
usually the capital to front it either
you build for volume day one and win on
efficiency like Amazon or Walmart or you
build for a premium which means you
Niche down and you completely solve
problems for people so you completely
solve a problem in a very narrow Niche
and so let me give you a completely
polar opposite examples here which I
literally live on both sides of the
spectrum on one side acquisition. comom
is my premium brand right this is the
brand that we do deals with this is
where we have hundred million companies
and stuff that we invest in that we own
in right that's my family office and we
do one or two deals a year just to being
really real we make very rich people way
wealthier right that's what I do there
so someone comes in is already worth 50
million bucks and we're like cool how do
we get to 250 and that's what we invest
in that's what we we scale the company
on the Other Extreme we've got school so
school is for everyone who's starting
out now School took 5 years to get to
the level of product that it is now and
millions and tens of millions of dollars
of development where it lost money the
entire time and still loses money right
now in order to create such an absurd
value for the 99 bucks a month or
whatever it is because we know that that
$99 a month for somebody who's trying to
start their business that's the entirety
of their business budget and so we have
to solve all of the business problems
that those people have at that level and
so these are two completely this I mean
honestly the most polar extremes of
value Creation in terms of who we're
selling to or who we advertise to and
who we're attracting and how we help
them and so there's no coincidence that
I did acquisition. comom before
investing in being a co-owner of school
because I had to make enough money to be
able to afford to sell to people who
don't have much to be able to to help
build the infrastructure and invest
millions of dollars to build that so
that we could accommodate millions and
millions of users right now we have many
millions of users on the the platform if
you are confused about how to sell rich
people stuff first off the easiest hack
for selling a rich people is do what
somebody else is doing that sells to
rich people and do it in half the time
and charge twice the price number one
rich people pay for time Above All Else
But if we look at the value equation
you've got the outcom so you got to make
sure they want the outcome that you're
promising and you got the three other
variables you've got risk How likely is
it that they're going to get what they
want when they buy time delay between
when they buy and when they get and the
effort sacrifice the Richer they are the
more guaranteed they want it to be now
you don't have to guarantee things but
you need the perception of the guarantee
that's why reputation matters if you're
the best plastic surgeon in the world
you don't give a guarantee they just
have a high perceived likely of
achievement they believe that if they
pay you the likely that their nose isn't
[__] up when they do the surgery is
high if time delay they want it to be as
fast as possible if they give you money
and have it tomorrow rich people pay a
lot of money for that and then you've
got effort and sacrifice well I don't
want to do anything I want you to do
everything and so the thing is is that a
lot of times that makes sense to have
very white glove concierge High touch
things for people who are willing to pay
for it because for them the incremental
difference in cost for them is actually
very small so the difference between
$5,000 a month and $10,000 a month to a
multi-millionaire not a huge difference
but if you're just better for $10,000 a
month they'll happily pay you than the
$5,000 a month guy you're not going to
sell someone who's Wealthy on how much
money you're going to save them you'll
time you're going to save them brutal
business truth number two you lack
priorities not information problems are
easy to solve if you know what you're
after if you know what problem you're
actually trying to solve I'll tell you a
story so I was talking to an
entrepreneur who's done about 10 million
a year and that was between all of his
companies and we were talking and he
mentioned one and then he mentioned the
second they mentioned the third they
mentioned the fourth I was like dude how
many companies do you have and he's like
oh I don't know I was like you don't
know he's like yeah I have an Excel
sheet and so I was like well pull it up
and so he pulled up his Excel sheet and
he had like 56 companies that in total
were making like $10 million a year and
obviously one of them was the biggest
one that was doing like half of that
revenue and that was actually the
company that I had heard of that that he
that he found it I said dude if you just
only had that one company how easy would
it be to like 5x that business he was
like oh my God if I didn't have these
other 55 companies it'd be it'd be a
joke I was like so if I waved to Magic W
and that happened you think you could do
it and he was like yeah and I was like
then do it you can wave the magic wand
you can end these other 55 Partnerships
so that you can do this one thing and
what's crazy is that a year later I
talked to him and he had done just that
he was like dude I like didn't sleep for
three days after we talked because I was
like oh my God that's it so I see
strategy as priority it's priorization
of resources right you have unlimited
options you have limited resources time
money people Etc and so how you choose
to allocate those resources against the
unlimited options is your strategy it is
how you prioritize and and when you have
one clear goal for one clear company for
one Clear customer the prioritization
actually gets pretty easy and so a lot
of people keep looking for these unique
insights when the reality is you don't
even have a goal have you toine the
problem that you're trying to solve and
most people have it and that ends up
being usually the first question I ask
someone they're like hey I'm stuck with
my business and I just say well what's
the goal and then they say something
they say well what problem are you
solving right now and so if you can't
clearly State current state desired
State obstacle you're running around
like a chicken with your head cut off
you're not going to solve anything
you're going to do a lot of work but
you're not going to move forward so I
had a media company approach me they've
got 40 million subscribers across their
channels obviously very very good at
media they said hey we've been listening
to your content and we think that our
constraint like the problem that we need
to solve that will get us the most bang
for the buck is that we need to optimize
our Sops for the media company I said
okay well what's the goal I was like is
it to just get more famous or is it to
money and they're like no we want to we
want to shift into monetization now I
was like okay so let me ask you this
what product do you sell and they were
like we don't have a product I was like
okay so hear me out crazy idea if you
had a product you would make a lot more
money than trying to get your 97 out of
100 Media company to 98 and a half not
to say that there's nothing like if they
said I want to be more famous then I
would have said absolutely you should do
that that makes sense because
monetization is in the goal but if they
were trying to make money they had
nothing to sell and I promise you if you
have nothing to sell you make a lot less
money than if you do have something to
sell and so they could be a two out of
10 on product but with that amount of
media that amount of traffic they would
be able to get so many sales that they
would they would blow it out of the
water and so they were spending all this
time trying to get in the intricacies
trying to get information on how to
solve the wrong problem and so most
times it's not that you lack Insight
it's that you're solving the wrong thing
and I think the reason that that happens
so frequently is because those
entrepreneurs are media entrepreneurs
they like media they feel comfortable in
media and so they like solving media
problems and so they like solving
problems that they know how to solve
because they've solved them before I'll
tell you a different story I had a guy
who came out for uh a workshop here at
acquisition. comom and he said hey can
you go over the closer framework and I
said okay you flew across the country
you've been here for a day you had this
one opportunity to ask this question to
me I was like is sales a problem in your
business what's your Clos rate he said
40%
I said so sales is not the constrain of
your business he was like no I was like
then why are you asking me about the
closure framework and I actually think
that that lesson was way more powerful
than me trying to go over the closure
framework because the reality is is he
was a sales guy he loves selling and so
he wanted to hear me talk about sales
but sales isn't the problem in his
business there's something else that's
the problem he might not getting enough
leads or people are turning out to to CL
on the background or he can't even take
on more customers because he doesn't
have enough team like those were all
other examples of problems that might
exist and I'll bet you one of those
three probably is the problem his
business but that was the question he
asked he asked about the thing that he
enjoyed reading about the thing he
enjoyed learning about and so right now
if you're an entrepreneur it is true
that you want to double down your
strengths but the business as a whole
has to be balanced so hear me out if you
think about business like a like a body
okay and you're a bodybuilder and so you
want to have ideal ratios for everything
in terms like if your arms were like
this big and your you know your quads
were tiny then you look weird right so
you want to be a specialist like you
sure as an individual contributor keep
doubling down in your strengths but the
business as a whole will only be as
strong as as weakest link and so this is
where people get confused with double
down in your strength versus be well
balanced the business needs to be
balanced your Physique in total needs to
be balanced but you as an individual
contributor can double down your
strengths you want a team of people who
are all doubling down on their strengths
but you as the organizer of the business
need to make sure that the business as a
whole is balanced otherwise it will get
constrained at some point and then that
point will be your point of failure that
will be the weak link that will be the
part of the bridge where only $1 can get
across even you've got 10x the front end
and 10x the back end that one bottleneck
is what's bottlenecking the business and
so making sure that often times the
thing that you're not the most excited
if you're a marketing entrepreneur
marketing is probably not your problem
if you're a product driven entrepreneur
product's probably not your problem if
you hate people and that's like that's
probably your issue like I hate meetings
I hate leading people I hate trying to
reinvest my team I'll bet you that you
probably are having limits on your
business because you don't know how to
recruit higher train manage and so
that's actually what you need to either
learn or recruit someone who already
knows how to do that and so people spend
too much time mentally masturbating to
the concepts that they love in the idea
that because it worked to get them to
where they're at because they needed to
start marketing to make money they think
okay now if I 10x marketing that that's
what it takes to make more money and
unless that's the constraint that's not
true and often times businesses do grow
to the constraint of the founder they do
grow to the constraint of that
individual Founders highly special I
skill and then at that point it's
constrained with something else that the
founder doesn't like as much and so
either you got to learn it and get
comfortable learning stuff that you
don't like as much initially or you got
to find someone who does and so if
you're like okay well I'm either a
product entrepreneur and I need more
marketing or I'm a market entrepreneur
and I need more product or I'm either of
those things and we don't have an
operator we have somebody who likes to
lead and manage people and invest in
teams then how do you know what good
looks like so first off one of the
biggest advantages of business of of
doing this for a while is to you start
to recognize patterns so you hire Five
Guys that suck and then finally find a
six then all of a sudden you're like
okay so this is what a good sales
director look like this is why the
businesses for example that we start now
grow so much faster because one we know
who's going to be needed next and two we
know what that person looks like and so
think about how much time you save where
if the constraint let's say is sales and
you hire onboard train and that takes a
month and then that person sucks and it
takes you 6 months to fire them and then
you do it again and that takes another 6
months to fire them and you do it again
and then this time it works well you
just wait wasted a year and change of
growth that you should have been growing
but you weren't because you're the wrong
person at the point of constraint and
realistically this is why so many
businesses get stuck and the wrong
conclusion is the person says oh I tried
hiring sales directors that doesn't work
no you tried hiring John and JN sucked
it doesn't mean that there is no sales
director doesn't mean you're the special
snowflake that no one can ever replace
you that no one can do this role it's
just that you can't like there's
Microsoft there's Facebook there are
gazillion dollar companies someone out
there on Earth is better than you
literally at the thing that you're best
at and definitely better than the thing
that you suck at now how do you actually
tactically find these people when you
don't have the experience so I'll give
you the the tactic how I think about
this one is I interview lots of people
and so if you think about the interview
process as an education process in
asking them as much as you possibly can
act like an ignoramus just be like I
don't know anything about this tell me
about it and then don't then immediately
jump on the first person go on 10 Dates
go on 20 dates I'll give you a little
Sideline Story for school say I'm the
founder interviewed 600 developers
before he found his
co-founder
600 and the way that he did that is the
process of him outlining so first he
said hey who here knows anything about
development in his Network so he got he
started interviewing those developers
and then he said hey can you introduce
me to the best developers you know and
so then those people introduced him
because they had a better context he's
like I'm not hiring any of you I want to
know the best people you know and So
eventually he kept going up the ladder
of he talked to those people say who's
who's the best one you know and he kept
going up and kept going up only to fact
find only to find information until he
found somebody who's like oh my gosh
this guy said more things and made more
sense and at this point in the process
he'd already spoken to so many people he
had a good context from which to make a
judgment and so that is the process I
will tell you what I personally look for
now I look for the quantity and quality
of metrics that someone has to describe
their role and so I'll give you a binary
example so on one hand if so I was
hiring someone for customer success
let's say that's like you're getting a
lot of churn you're not getting a lot of
ascensions you're not getting good
reviews your NPS scores are low Etc you
then saying okay Mr customer success
candidate tell me about customer success
what metrics do you measure now if they
say like you know I just want to make
sure people are happy that they're
having a good you know a good time and
that they're you know they're getting
results and they're having a good
experience I'd be like cool what do you
measure and if they start squirming
around like well what do you measure and
they can only come up with one or two
things then already know that this
person obviously can't drive an outcome
because they can't even Define an
outcome now on the flip side if that
person says okay well we like to Define
an activation metric up front that we
can do within the first 48 hours then we
have like what is our time to value and
what's our you know what's our North
Star there we also like to measure cstat
but I don't like to do it too often
because then customers don't like
filling out the surveys and so we want
to make sure that we can do it ideally
within the customer Journey during a
value driven exchange that they're going
to have with the customer service rep or
some sort of account rep that they have
to manage and then we can just tack it
into that process I like to look at
churn but but churn I see more as a
lagging indicator and I looked at look
at these other things especially what's
our time like how long does it take from
sale to onboarding what's that handoff
look like what percentage of customers
are backing out in the first 24 hours 48
hours 72 hours and what percentage of
these customers are leaving us review by
day 30 and so all of a sudden I'm like
okay well he just said like nine
different metrics and had reasoning for
that and so then the followup to this
question of understanding the quality
and quanity of the metrics that
someone's going to bring to the table is
awesome this is going to freak some
people out how does what you do make the
business
money and if the person cannot
accurately describe how their function
because every function of a business
makes a business money that's why the
function exists now the thing is is that
some functions of a business are
indirect versus direct so if I asked a
CFO how do you make the business money
they should say multiple things well one
I control expenses so everything that I
save goes to the bottom line and I have
a process of consistently cutting out
access costs uh every 30 days and so by
doing that I can usually drive an extra
3 to five % to the bottom line which
more than pays for me so I'm like okay
great they're already even thinking
about my return as an owner versus them
on top of that they say okay also I see
Finance really as a function of
decision-making and so if we can collect
the metrics that drive decisions around
what things have the highest gross
margins what's our utilization rates um
how can we make the decisions that will
get us the highest return on Capital uh
both human and money capital in the
business then we will grow faster and so
if someone talks like that then I'm like
okay they understand how Finance is
actually a data function by the way it
is literally that's what Finance does is
gives you reports it's reporting so that
you can make decisions about the
business so that they we make more money
cool now sales is say like and I'll give
you an example for a sales director so
if I say hey how does what you do make
us more money now if they say well I'm
going to I'm going to drive sales I'd be
like well duh but like you're not going
to sell anyone CU you're a director so
how do you make the company more
money what you want them to say is that
I'm going to increase the average
conversion percentage across our leads
for the team because that is the output
of the sales manager is closing
percentage like at a fundamental rate
it's closing percentage is one of the
metrics but just total conversion rate
of leads so if I get 100 leads and
there's lots of mini steps you got to
schedule you got to show you got to
close you got to offer whatever there's
cash collected there's other mini
metrics along the way but you just want
to see what percentage of eyeballs IND
oror earballs and people who give us
their information we can contact do we
convert into sales and if you say I as a
sales director will be able to increase
that percentage then that's the job and
that's how I make the business more
money because here's the thing if they
cannot describe an output of their job
that ties to revenue for the business or
ties to profit for the
business then you can be absolutely
certain that they don't know how to do
it and that they're not going to do it
for you because they can't even tell you
how it
works and so I use those as the limit
test test one I interview as many people
as I possibly can so I can get a basis
from which to make a judgment two from
there I'll learn the metrics because I
won't know them um that people use to
describe the role to drive outcomes and
I will look for the quantity and quality
of metrics that people will track and
what they would do to influence those
metrics step two and then step three how
does what you do make the company more
money don't let them get away with like
with the sales example well we're going
to make more sales no but how do you
influence that business truth number
three things are hard because your team
isn't as good as you think they are and
that's because your standards are too
low a Metro mind said this to me and
I've always kept this in mind he said
your best talent you haven't even hired
yet your best talent is in the
future and so let's run a thought
experiment for a second everybody who's
listening to this has that one teammate
who's just an absolute stud hopefully if
you don't I'm sorry for you but at least
one person on your team is pretty
good if you had to those people would
you be able to make way more money the
answer is almost always unequivocally
yes I'd be able to make way more money
and so then the followup is then why is
all of your attention not to getting
more of those people if you listen to
the Steve Jobs the boses the the Bill
Gates Elon so many of them Zuckerberg so
many of them talk about talent and in
the early days of Entrepreneurship I
thought that they were trying to hide
the secrets but it's really that they
were talking about what they were
focused on now and as I continue to do
business
the more I just care about who rather
than what or how because if you really
do have the right who you're one Higher
away from somebody who's a 100 times
smarter than you who's done this way
longer than you have who can help you
grow the business I'll give you this
story that really drove this home so
when we were looking at selling gym
launch we had a lot of conversations
with investment bankers and then finally
fixed you know we picked an investment
Bank to represent us and then we had a
lot of conversation with prospective
buyers so acquires um meaning people who
like fund managers people who have big
funds of money who buy companies for a
living and I
remember a moment on one of the first of
these meetings where I it was it was in
person they'd flown out and all of their
team was on one side and all of my team
was on the other and I was sitting at
the head and the managing partner was at
the other side of the table and I just
remember just kind of sitting there
silently looking down the table looking
at both sides back and forth back and
forth and being like no wonder these
guys are going to make $3 billion in the
next five years
versus my team and the thing is just to
be clear it wasn't that my team was bad
I mean we built a you know $100 million
doll plus business I saw the discrepancy
this is not a slight to anybody on the
team we obviously had stars but seeing
the average level of Talent on their
team versus mine was a huge moment for
me to understand just how important
people are and so there's a story in
Google I think it was Larry Page surgery
brand whoever typed into Google like
parachutes whatever and the ads that
came up were for like buy a radio buy a
car and he screenshotted it and he puts
it on the corkboard in the engineering
room and said these ads suck he just
wrote it on the screenshot and he hit
the board and he walked out of the room
and The Story Goes that the next night
one of the developers just like stayed
up all night and came up with AdSense
and AdSense more closely paired what
people were searching for with the ads
that they were shown he didn't say
here's the 100 step proc process that
we're going to do to solve this problem
he just said you guys are intelligent
this is the problem go fix
it and so one of the telltale signs that
you have bad people on your team or
people who are too dumb or your
standards are too low is that you have
stupid rules and I and I I'm I'm I'm
somebody who's done this so this isn't
me preaching here this is something that
I've I've now realized is that if you
have to have a rule that's like hey
everybody you have to show up on time
hey don't drink while you're on the job
hey um like you can't watch Netflix
while you're working like that's not a
good thing by the way all of these are
rules that I have implemented at some
time in a business that I've owned and
I'm telling you this now because it
seems so painfully obvious that if I
have to say don't watch Netflix while
you're on a customer service call with a
customer that shouldn't be a rule that
should be an obvious thing that anyone
with half a brain cell can figure out
but what that really meant is that if
you start making stupid rules it's
because your standards are too low and
you're hiring stupid people people rule
number four lots of rules means you have
dumb people so let's talk about that for
a second so one of the things to prevent
against this is a rule from Amazon which
is that every person you hire you want
to raise the average bar of the team
that they're getting hired into I
literally used this yesterday with
someone that we were interviewing uh
Lelo was like what do you think about
this person I said well do they raise
the bar of the
team and he was like hm I was like all
right well then there's our answer
because the thing is is that all
companies will unless controlled for
dilute down Talent so people you know
sixes will hire fives five will hire his
four fours will hire threes and people
will always hire people that they're not
threatened from because they want
Security First and so you have to
implement something like this because
the reverse can also be true if imagine
if every single time you hired somebody
it raised the bar of the team then the
team will just continue to get better
and better and smarter and smarter
people and then the company will grow
and grow and grow and I have a
fundamental Bel that the level of a
business grows kind of like a Christmas
tree where you've got the the number and
intelligence of brains that goes up so
if you have lots and lots and lots of
really intelligent brains the the size
of this business is huge if you only
have one brain that's intelligent and
everyone underneath of that has a subset
of the
skills of that one brain then it's only
one brain that's competing against
companies that have a 100 smart brains
and that was something that in my early
days every person I hired I could do
their job better than them and I trained
them to do everything they did which
meant the limit of the business was me I
had to literally keep learning things
which you always have to do of course
but I had to learn everything from
scratch and so the business then had to
suffer what a a day one customer success
rep would deal with because I didn't
know anything about customer
success and so the idea is I would
rather bring someone in who has 10 years
of experience in customer success so
that we can start the business on year
of customer success I want that person
who have learned all those lessons on
someone else's dollar and then when they
come to me have all those lessons so I
don't need the
scars and so one of the one of The
Telltale sides also of an early company
is that you've got people who have zero
experience in leadership roles for a
function they've never done before and
that's because it's like well this is my
coo Sarah we have five people in our
company but she's our coo it's like
don't use the term coo CU she's going to
look at salary.com and she's going to
say that she she make more than the
entire company makes in Revenue right no
that's not the case like she's a manager
right and realistically she probably
doesn't manage the whole business she
probably just manages this portion of it
or he just manages a portion of it and
so the thing is is like just because
it's your mom or it's your brother or
your best friend growing up or that guy
who you hired first has been with you
since the beginning it still doesn't
mean that they're right for the
role and so this is where a lot of the
money that you want to make is on the
other side of a few hard conversations
and many people never have they're
willing to just accept mediocrity at the
point of the bottleneck and never get
debottleneck because they can't say hey
Sarah I don't think it's working out and
I think it's my fault because I put you
in a position without the resources to
win and I think and this is how you this
is how I manage it what I want to do is
I want to keep investing in you and
here's how I want to do it I want to
bring someone in who has a ton of
experience who knows more than both of
us put together and I want you I'm going
to basically pay for you to learn from
this person so that you can become more
skilled in your career and then you I
want you to get laser focused on this
thing over here that you were doing
before and absolutely tune it up and so
this way we you're going to crush what
you're currently doing every day and
it's absolutely within your scope and
experience that I think you can do
really well with it and I also want to
build out your future by bringing this
person in so think about it like me
paying $100,000 a year for you to learn
from somebody who has 10 years of
experience it's about the biggest gift I
can give you
and so if you frame it like that it's
not like this is a demotion or like you
suck it's like I'm trying to invest in
you and I'm going to invest in you by
bringing this person in who's going to
teach you now if that person has an ego
which is usually the next common thing
which is like I thought I was doing
great then it means you probably have a
communication issue like you're not
telling them that Sarah's not doing a
good job and then Sarah gets upset and
the thing is is at that point Sarah
might have an ego because she started at
the front line and then became a manager
then you give her another title uh
progression too fast and to be really
clear I've done this two times with
executive assistants um just with
executive assistant within the companies
a zillion times me personally I've done
this and I don't really even deal with a
lot of Personnel in general and it's
like I just I promoted someone too fast
I think it's the Peter Principle which
is that people will advance to their
point of incompetency and so someone
does really well at sales and so then
you put them in a sales manager and then
they've never managed a sales team and
they don't do really well at that but
they get promoted to their point of
incompetence so I lost a good
salesperson and I got a bad sales
manager and this is how most of
corporations are run people do well and
then their role changes into something
they've never done before and then they
do poorly and they get stuck there or
they get
fired and most times because the person
who promoted them feels bad they just
get stuck there and so You' got all
these people who you still have positive
associations with the work that they did
and you feel like you owe them because
they did do a good job one time before
but now they're doing a poor job because
they're not properly equipped and you
didn't give them the skills to succeed
and they don't have the experience and
yes that's your fault but the thing is
you can't fire you because you own the
company so somebody's got a
and so either you got to move them aside
you redefine the role and move someone
ahead of them or you have to get rid of
them and again this is what makes
business hard it's not that it's
complicated it's that you don't want to
hurt someone's feelings and I get that
that's what makes hard conversations
hard if you hate somebody firing them is
very easy right like someone stole from
you firing is not personal experience
there slept fine that night all right
it's the conversation with someone that
you know is trying their best that you
really like as a human being but isn't
cutting it and even if you think you
could get them there you're not willing
to invest the resource to do it because
it doesn't make sense I could wait for
someone to learn
neurosurgery and I think people could
but it might take a decade and I don't
know if I really want to invest all that
time when I could just go find a
neurosurgeon and yeah I might have to
pay more but I'd rather pay that than
pay 10 years and so to to to to Loop
this back around to the story that I was
talking with the private Equity firmers
when I was looking at them one of the
big OB things too is that many of the
people on the other side of the table
were making 1 million2 million $5
million a year and you know people who
were in their 20s making 300,000 500,000
a year and I was like okay I need to
reset my bar of what I have to
compensate in order to attract a level
talent and once I really understood the
value of people the way that we grew
businesses completely changed it stopped
being about building businesses and
became way more about assembling the
teams that build the business like one
of the core functions we do at
acquisition. probably the thing that we
invest the most resources into is
recruiting Talent like there's a reason
that we go really hard on LinkedIn
because people respond to our messages
and we're like hey you ran all the ads
at this $200 million per year director
consumer business we have a director
consumer business that's at 20 million
would you be willing to take it from 20
to 200 because we think you have the
experience or do you know anybody who
does and because we have a falling there
we get the responses and we can get that
level talent but that level talent's not
coming in for 100 grand a year you can
moan all you want that oh these
employees want so much money but there's
a Marketplace there's a rate and if
you're not willing to pay it there's a
company that is smarter than you that is
willing to pay it because they know the
return on it and I still think to this
day one of the biggest Arbitrage that
exists in business is paying a talent a
wages to get 10x the output so let me
let me drive this home
so you can get a B player let's say
let's use $100,000 as the Baseline so I
want to hire a role for $100,000 for
this thing and a b player in the role
will take
80 and uh a B+ might take 90 or 100 but
there might be an A+ plus guy who's like
170 it's like whoa that's like twice our
budget for this role but if that guy or
gal
has the output like an a player can get
you 5x 10x the output of a b player
meaning five people who are B players at
$100,000 a year equal one A++ at
170 that's still a great
return and better than hiring 5bs and
especially in knowledge work so if you
have anything that has to do with
thinking and not like where literally
more hands are are required to do the
work the outsize return on intelligence
is so high
that I still see it as one of the
fundamental Arbitrage that exists in
business how much time you save by
hiring somebody who knows exactly what
to do how it drives Revenue in the
business and they can use 10 years of
experience that you don't have to pay so
I would rather pay 25% 30% more for
somebody 50% more for somebody who can
move me 10 years forward like it seems
almost silly when you frame it like that
not to but the thing is every day small
business owners want to save $5,000 on
an annual on on an annual salary for
somebody who they know is perfect for
the job
this is truth number five if you want to
get bigger get better better leads to
growth bigger leads to bloat so I was
reading estr Cathy's uh book wealth is
it worth it and he talks about the story
of Chick-fil-A and he said that what his
his number one Pursuit um was better not
bigger and that he believed that if they
were better and they just kept getting
better he said our customers will demand
that we get bigger versus trying to get
bigger for the sake of getting bigger
and so he tells a story between him
Chick-fil-A and Boston Market so for
those you who don't know Boston Market
was actually a very big chain when I was
growing up um That Grew really really
quickly and so chickfila was you know
privately held they take they took on
almost no debt uh they grew really
responsibly one location at a time and
Boston Market was like we're going to
franchise and we're going to raise a ton
of money from Wall Street and we're
going to make all this stuff and for a
period of years they outg grew
Chick-fil-A by a mile and they were like
oh Chick-fil-A is going to get left in
the dust they're going to get Al caped
they're going to get crushed
but because Boston maret grew so quickly
because they didn't they diluted their
talent because they had to hire so many
bodies and not enough brains and because
they wanted to grow because they wanted
valuations they wanted money they were
what I would consider mercenaries
whereas Chick-fil-A and EST Cathy was a
missionary he believed in the product he
believed in the experience and because
he's a faith-driven entrepreneur he
wanted his restaurant to represent the
tenants of Christ this isn't me getting
religious on it but he believed in his
mission that's the point and basos talks
about this he said you've got
mercenaries you got missionaries the
missionaries always win in the long term
and so what end up happening is that the
money guys some of these guys cashed out
early because stock got inflated all
this stuff they took on tons of debt and
then the the company ended bankrupting I
don't know something like 10 years later
but guess what happened in that period
of time Chick-fil-A just kept growing
and the thing is is that Boston Market
couldn't out compete Chick-fil-A in
their Market they just grew faster but
the thing is is that if you've got a
Boston Market in chickfila if you know
that your chicken sandwich is
you still always win it becomes an
inevitability it doesn't matter if they
get there first if you win in the end
who cares because quality will always
win provided it's priced appropriately
and things like that but better leads to
bigger bigger leads to bloat and so this
has been something that was really hard
for very hard for me to learn as an
entrepreneur because you know we we like
them I mean I like the feedback of how
much money are we making this month I
want to make sure it goes up I want to
make sure it goes up because that it's a
it's a proxy for growth okay and and I
used to say this and I I like it which
is either the business is growing or I
am so if the business isn't growing or
the business is going down I'm growing
I'm learning when I'm I'm messing up and
if the business is growing sometimes
you're not learning because the you're
getting rewarded for the work that you
did while you were learning while you're
eating [__] sometimes you get both and
that's the ideal scene is that it's
growing and you continue to learn and
you st you keep your learnings ahead of
the growth so the trains coming and
you're building out the track you're
getting around the ditches you're going
through the mountain you're digging the
hole you're doing that stuff to the
train can keep running and keep growing
a big lesson that I have taken from EST
Cathy and some of the best entrepreneurs
like Elon if you're going to enter a
market so Elon talks about this if
you're going to enter a new Marketplace
you want to be an order of magnitude
better than the existing Solutions and
so I'll give you an example Elon just
recently did uh he talked about getting
into candy or chocolate which you might
think why would he even bother getting
into that I think it's because he had a
gripe with Warren Buffett and Charlie
muger which is really sad cuz I like
both of them he had a little bit of a
rift with them oh he was like well fine
I'll take out C candies
and so he was like I'm going to get into
chocolate and so he had all these people
send him different recipes and all this
stuff and he decided not to do it and
the reason he decided not to do it is he
said that there was no product there was
no version of chocolate or candies that
was in order of magnitude better than
what already existed so he just didn't
want to play if you think about how he
entered into the other markets he got
into space and was like oh we're going
to redefine how space flight Works we're
going to use reusable things that we're
going to drive down cost 10x compared to
the competition that's an order of
magnitude better with cars the first
real Tesla not the the Roadster the
high-end one but the first one he made
for Mass commercial use was literally
the highest rated car um that auto
whatever Auto magazine the premium
magazine had ever rated it got the
highest overall score of all time
because he focused so much on making an
order of magnitude better and the thing
is is that Tesla makes Great Cars by and
large and so customers have demanded
they get bigger because they continue to
out buy out purchase their supply
and so that forces Supply to increase so
you grow and so if you're stuck and
you're like I keep trying to grow and I
can't grow sometimes you just to think
let's not grow what if we didn't want to
grow at all but we just had to make this
thing absolutely insane from a quality
perspective just get better and the way
that you do this tactically is that you
look at each function of the business
and you say what's one thing we can do
better that we absolutely very high
confidence like we're just going to go
from contacting our leads within 30
minutes to five minutes that's the one
thing we're going to do for the next 12
weeks for for sales for marketing what
we're going to do is we're going to make
sure that every single ad has a hook
that's been tested before that's what
we're going to do we're going to make
sure every ad that goes out is going to
have hook that's tested and we're going
to make five times more of them great
that's what we're doing on marketing and
every single one of them here's the key
point is that once you start that new
that one thing the next quarter you add
to that you don't just swap it and this
is what most people do they do that one
thing and then they forget what they
were doing is that you end up creating
this checklist of what creates amazing
ads you create this checklist of what
makes amazing followup you make this
checklist of what makes an amazing
handoff between sales and customer
success make this checklist of how to
activate a customer and so it's 100
golden BBS not one silver bullet that
creates the outsized returns and then
once you have 100 golden BBS you start
getting the word of mouth you start
getting people who keep buying from you
and then all of a sudden your LTV
skyrockets and then you might find out
if your LTV skyrockets maybe you don't
have a marketing problem maybe you just
weren't making enough per customer and I
can tell you this the amount of times I
talk smart businesses who are like we
need cheaper leads we need cheaper leads
we need we need to lower our CAC the
reality is they just don't make enough
for customer because they're not that
good and either you mispriced which does
happen for sure or your thing's not that
good which is 100% under your control
fundamentally growth is a lagging
indicator the things you do to create
growth are the leading indicators and
the things that create growth are the
things that make you better and so
having growth as a desired behavior is
trying to make an outcome into an input
and then what happens is you have quote
growth for growth sake and here's the
problem with this just as a big big
picture is that if the reason that
you're in business is to quote make
money if that's your real
Mission so many things make money and so
what happens is you become distracted as
an entrepreneur this is why the
mercenaries fail compared to the
missionaries because if you just want to
make the best chicken sandwich anything
that's not a chicken sandwich isn't a
priority they could have Chick-fil-A
credit cards right or Chick-fil-A miles
they could do that stuff and they
probably would make the money it's not
core now go find out if they probably
have a credit card who knows but like
the point is is that it's not core to
what they know if money is the goal then
there are so many paths to getting there
that it's difficult to stay focused
which is why companies get spread thin
which is why they grow for growth's sake
and then all of a sudden they have five
initiatives that are going on that all
aren't working that well because they
couldn't focus on the thing that matter
most which is getting better at the core
promise that they make to customers
business truth number six you work all
day but you can't get anything done
because you allow too many things that
don't matter to distract you sometimes
you have to let fires burn and so what
that means is that you have to block
time for work that moves the ball
forward because a month later it'll be
the only thing you have to show for the
month before and so one of the things
that took me a long time to realize is
that there are very few things that are
existential crisis within hours even
within minutes right and so the idea
that everyone in the company and all of
your customers Etc can have immediate
demand from you as or responses from you
as the owner is not a good expectation
because then it means that you're on
demand for everyone else's needs but the
business needs you and so I'll give you
a story to drive this home so at my
first gym I had just started sleeping
not at my gym which was wonderful for me
and so right as like I get my first few
nights of sleep I get a call that
everybody hates at 5:30 in the morning
because that's when sessions happen and
I was like hello what's going on and he
said I've got bad news and I immediately
go to someone died from a heart attack
in our gym that was the like the
immediately went there and uh I'm just
silent and I was like what is it and
then he says there's a a water pipe that
broke and it's leaking on the floor and
I was like okay what do you want me to
do it's like well I don't know what to
do I I called you and I said well what
do you think I'm going to do he's like I
I guess call a plumber and I was like
okay what what would I do in the
meantime he's like probably get a bucket
I was like yeah I was like have you done
that he was like well no I called you I
was like like okay well why don't you do
those first two things because there's
nothing I can do there's a story of uh
Elanor Roosevelt I think uh when I think
someone in her family died in the middle
of the night she gets woken up by her
servant or whatever you know however
they did it back then and he says you
know Mrs Roosevelt I have some terrible
news and it's like 3:00 in the morning
and she's like what is it he's like your
cousin you know John died and she said
that could have waited till
morning there's nothing I can do about
about it and so there's very few things
that will actually kill a business and
so if you allow everything to be urgent
it means that everything's a priority
which means nothing is and priorities
literally mean prior they come first and
I literally prioritize my day by the
things that matter most and so I start
my day I do prior to my day the thing
that I think will actually move the ball
forward because when I look back at my
last month to see the progress that I've
made I never think about
you know Susan who I had to give a
refund to because she was dissatisfied
for something or we got a onear review
and we need to you know deal with that
or uh you know our our chat support uh
went down for you know two hours in the
middle of the day and people were like
you know why did the chat support like
none of these things are existential
crusies for the business in the short
term there's almost nothing that kills a
business in the short term and like the
only real thing is that your payment
processing goes down so you literally
your ability to accept money goes away
but beyond that like there's not a lot
of stuff and so what you have to get
comfortable with is letting some fires
burn and being able to say yes this
sucks but not getting the important work
done will suck more and so I spend and I
still do this the first four to six
hours of my day working on the things
that I believe matter most and I think
that if I had a single habit that has
gotten me the furthest in my life it's
that I I work uninterrupted for the
first four to six hours of my day on the
things that I think think have the
highest leverage in the business and I
like to think about that as what's the
one thing that if it were true all of my
other problems would go away and then I
put all of my effort into making that
one thing true or making that one thing
happen but that can't happen if you have
20 other mini priorities that are Urgent
and not important every entrepreneur
suffers from this and so you have to
draw lines in the sand or you will be
spread too thin you will work all day
and you will get nothing
done to protect that first four to6
hours in the beginning I had to wake up
early so that mean I woke up at 4:00 I
worked for 6 hours till 10:00 and I
start my day at 10:00 as I made a little
bit more money I was able to like sleep
in until like 5: uh or you know and then
start working at like 6:00 and then I'd
work from 6:00 to noon and so everybody
on my team this has been for years
everyone my team knew do nothing until
the afternoon like Alex only takes
meetings in the afternoon and so for me
I do my thinking work in the morning and
then I do my meetings in the afternoon
as I hired more people more directors
more leaders more Executives a lot of
those meetings all were able to
disappear and so now it just became like
Ivy meetings day and the remainder of my
week is just completely open here like
let me show you how this plays out in
the real world someone reaches out and
says hey I got to connect you with Jimmy
I think you guys would have a lot of
synergies I think that this would be a
really important connection and I say um
I take meetings on Mondays and they're
like oh I don't think he can do that and
I say okay I guess we won't
meet we just sit there and that's it and
you'll be amazed often times that if
they really want to meet you they'll
make it work on Mondays and if it means
that it's also three Mondays from now
then it's three Mondays from now and I
will say this if I don't meet Jimmy you
many people are there on Earth there's 8
billion people I'm not going to meet
most people and the likelihood that
Jimmy's going to actually do something
that because like if I know what I need
to do to grow my business there's not a
lot that Jimmy's going to offer me there
like if I'm very clear on my strategy
and I'm very clear on my execution
anything that's not that fundamentally
loses me money it certainly doesn't make
me money and so just being okay with
saying no and so I'll give you the
tactic around this which is just saying
I like to say so this is how I do this
in Social settings i' would say hey I'm
actually not taking meetings until after
my book
launches and then once my book launches
I'll say I'm not taking meetings until
we sell this company and I'll just
always have something that I'll just
push out that's way far in advance that
seems very important that gives people a
social reason to feel okay that I'm
saying no to them not saying you're not
important it's saying I've got this
other thing that's really important to
me um and so so that tends to work
pretty well with
entrepreneurs but you have to be okay
with it like if you have a team where
you people manage your schedule for you
like I had to explain this to my we have
three executive uh assistants that
manage Le and I calendars and I was like
if I if you put a meeting in the morning
at like 10:00 a.m. I was like you've
killed my whole morning it's shot like I
can't get into any kind of deep work and
then I'm going to have two hours and I'm
going to have lunch again and I'm have
other stuff out like no like we don't do
that if they are going to do something
and it's quote very urgent and they have
a very strong argument that I put at the
very end of my day and I and I book from
the back forwards and so that means that
if I say I want to end my day at 5 or
whatever then it means they're going to
put my my first meeting of the day at 4
o'clock so from 4 to 5: if it's an
hourong meeting and if I have a second
meeting that day then it's going to be
from 3:00 to 4:00 and so I still get my
whole day until 3:00 uninterrupted so I
can work on the things that matter most
and we have just learned Le and I
working together that basically the more
she takes off my calendar the more money
we make and that's because that's where
I'm most effective now the flip side is
Lea is such an exceptional operator and
leader that her form of productivity is
an absolutely stacked day so that she
can delegate invest in the team
prioritize uh resources deal with small
small decisions that have to move the
ball forward check in on projects hope
people accountable reward them for this
the behaviors they've done like
interview new candidates that we need to
bring into the company like that's a
super timec consuming thing that's very
very high leverage and very high value
like think about it if you have to take
20 interviews to find the right person
who can then take an hire 20 hours a
week off your plate I mean gez you spend
20 hours once to get 20 hours a week for
Life what a great return and this is why
entrepreneurship at the highest levels
I'm going to go on a side drain here but
I think it'll be important
entrepreneurship at the highest
levels
is always hiring ahead of where you're
at and for people who don't like their
current business I can promise you that
if you grow it enough you're just going
to be dealing with people all businesses
at the top are you got a marketing
person you got a salesperson you got a
product person you got Finance you got
legal you got Tech and that's that's the
business and so whether you're selling
widgets you're selling services you're
selling software fundamentally you're
just going to have a bunch of people
that are executing those things and so
at the very highest levels business is
all the
same and you have to learn how to play
business at that level to keep playing
at that level business truth number
seven brand takes a long time to build
but it's the most valuable thing that
you can know it gives you the ability to
get insane Returns on Advertising pric
far above the market and keep people
only buying from you it's very hard to
imagine something that is better than
that it just takes time and so this was
I mean this is probably the lesson that
took me so long to learn like year I
mean many many many many years I mean I
think I would say it took me a decade to
learn this and it's I've only been able
to reap the fruit of this in the last
couple years and first off I didn't even
understand what branding was branding is
simply an association people make
between something they know and
something they don't know the thing they
don't know is your business and the
thing they do know should be something
they like and then over time that
rubbing of the thing that they like rubs
off on your brand and eventually you can
drop this thing and only have your
company and they will make that positive
association with you and so there's
three ways that people will make
associations this is how you build the
brand one is what you say or show so
that's controllable so people will
associate this hat with me and if you
got value during this thing then you'll
associate the value with acquisition.
comom cool so that's what I can say show
this is adver ising me me making this
content is advertising right I'm letting
people know about my stuff the second
level is what other people tell them and
so that means like either someone who's
interacted with your advertising or
someone who's interacted with your
product so it's like hey uh I saw this
this uh trailer for Mission Impossible
you know
306 and and you're like I think I'm
going to go see it now if your friend
says uh oh I saw it it was it was bad
don't waste your money the likely I go
see it if I if I agree with that
person's taste that's you know key side
note there if I tend to like the same
movies they like then I would take that
really heavily if it's like my mom and I
don't agree with movies that she likes I
might just go see it more because I'm
like oh if she hatte it I'll probably
love it right and so what you say as the
company owner is thing one that you can
control the most thing two that you
can't really control is what other
people say about your stuff which then
goes to C or three which is what the
customer ends up saying once they
experience it so it's what you say what
other people say and what they actually
experience and so as you can imagine
what they experience is going to be the
strongest thing so you see the ad you
think about going to the movie someone
tells you something about the movie
maybe that influen your decision once
you see the movie then you you have a
much stronger opinion and you can see
another ad about the movie but you're
like I don't care what the ad says I saw
the movie I bought the sandwich I went
to use their marketing Services you have
a very informed opinion because you had
an experience and so this is why brand
and product are always going to be
interrelated because how do you get what
other people say to be good to your
potential prospects you make sure that
their experience was exceptional so that
when they do see it they say hey the
movie was awesome you should go see it
now if someone who I like a lot says Hey
the movie was awesome you should go see
it and I'm like I saw the ads I didn't
think it was that good and they're like
dude believe me see it now all of a
sudden I had poor advertising they have
a high likel of seeing and then if I go
see you and I say wow he was so right
this was awesome then I'm like I tell
other people now here's what gets kind
of interesting
if I go see it and I think it sucks I
that influences the brand of my friend
who told me about it because now I don't
actually believe their opinion of movies
anymore and so that's why as a side note
when people refer people to your
business they have to be treated so well
because that person who made the
referral risks relational Capital they
risk their personal brand to the friend
and the reason they make that risk is
they actually want to get a return on it
right like hey you should see this movie
because they want the friend to
associate the good experience with the
movie with them and that's why people do
things that's why you do refer products
that you actually like because you want
people to associate or have that problem
solved because of the thing that you
connected them to right and so we want
to be that connection and that's how we
make money now if we're thinking long
term though from a branding perspective
if you make a big promise and you
deliver on that promise consistently
people will say wow they are what they
said they were which is one of my
biggest rules of marketing is State the
facts and tell the truth don't make
promises you can't keep and just say hey
this is why I like using historic which
is like this is what has happened I
don't know if it'll happen for you but
if if you're willing to take that bet
then there you go and so if we think
about the things that are some of the
strongest levers in business price is
the strongest lever on profit of all
things that you can control business if
you get people to buy something for a
million dollars that other people buy
for $10 you're going to make a lot of
money and so price is one of the
strongest things that has a lever on
market and you can measure the strength
of a brand by how much above the
commoditized price or what other
competitors charge you can charge
because of your brand premium so if you
look at like a Nike versus a generic
brand for t-shirts shorts shoes
basketballs whatever they will charge a
premium and they will get that premium
and so they're able to sell more units
at higher
prices because of their brand because
the associations people have with them
and so then the ROI from the brand
becomes how much does it cost me to make
these associations that people find
positive and then you spread that out or
you fractionalize that against how much
of it increase in price you can have
against the commodity and so if I sell a
million units of something and I can
sell it for $3 above market then I have
$3 million of excess that that brand
buys me and so if I can get an
association that yields me that outcome
for let's say I can get a championship
Fighter for 250 Grand a year to be in my
ads then I get a 10 to one or I say
300,000 to make it math simple if I pay
$300,000 for that Association and I can
now charge and make $3 million extra I
get 10 to1 on that branding the row as
you get return on Advertising spend
absolutely still all the metrics makes
count the same for Branding as they do
with direct response advertising you
just have to measure over a longer time
Horizon that's the difference and and I
will say on a personal level branding
gets you far better Returns on
Advertising than anything else it just
takes longer and so think about the
direct response world as like your
paycheck it's like you're you write a
check in and you get money out you write
a check in and the moment you stop
uh spending that money you stop making
money brand is like your long-term
investment in the beginning you you're
investing money into your IRA you're
investing money into your 401k you're
investing money in the stock market but
it's not really compounding yet but the
thing is is that you keep doing that you
keep doing that you keep doing that and
all of a sudden the compounding starts
to become this monster that you couldn't
even you couldn't you can't even spend
enough markting dollars to make up for
that level of compounding and that's
what happens over time it just takes
time to get there but the way that you
control it are that you make sure that
the things that you were saying about
yourself are associ with things that the
people who you're trying to sell to
associate positively and this happens in
content and also the people that you
associate with
publicly the second part that you can
control is how much you deliver on the
promise because the experience is always
going to be the heaviest weighted thing
that people have now the approximation
of an experience is a review right the
reason reviews matter so much is because
we see that like cool they say they're
great now I go to their site and I read
reviews to see are they telling the
truth or not based on approx reviews and
then I say okay well this guy had a one
star but it looks like he isn't a lot
like me now I look at these other guys
oh these are a lot more like my use case
and they had five stars okay well then I
feel like my risk adjusted on making
this purchase is low now I buy it and
then I decide for
myself but The Branding is a loop it
helps make the purchasing decision and
if you fulfill on that then guess what
they're not going to do they took a risk
by buying your product not knowing who
you were they don't want to take that
risk again and so if you deliver on the
promise they will just buy again from
you even even with the premium and this
is how you start how branding of itself
can create a competitive mode people who
buy Apple become Apple buyers they just
only buy apple and so even though
somebody else's product might even be
better they don't want to risk trying it
they don't want to have the cost of
learning a new interface and all this
other stuff and so brand gets you higher
Returns on Advertising allows you to
price far above the market and get
people that once they buy from you they
keep buying from you and you do that by
what you say what other people say and
what customers experience at the very
end when they use your product and that
either gets them into the buying loop
again forever or it kicks them out if
you look at the cuttingedge direct
response world the strategies that they
use approximate a brand and so let me
explain what that means so if you go to
quote cold traffic people who don't know
who you are you have no association once
those people go in your world often
times unless it's like a widget or
something that's a very impulse purchase
you have something called like a warm-up
sequence or a nurture sequence or you
deliver value or you give lead magnets
these are all things that actually
approximate branding so if I give
someone let's say a PDF that is very
valuable well thought out has lots of
research in it someone would get a lot
of value from that and then I
approximated a purchase with them they
gave they did an exchange they got
something and then that thing was
valuable and they used that to
extrapolate into what a decision would
be like or what a product would be like
if they made a purchase from you and so
you have these things like 5-day
challenges that people will run to try
and have lots of people for 5 days
because if you spend let's let's say 5
hours with someone that might be the
same in terms of their warmth to you or
the associations they have with you as
someone who might have spent a year
consuming a 60-second clip you know
twice a week right now I will say I
think that extending that the time
Horizon over time actually does have
elements of trust that I won't get into
but they try to approximate what a
trusting relationship would look like
which is exactly how you build brand but
they just try and condense the time
window and so this is why if they want
to sell you swamp land they invite you
to a vacation for free and they spend
two days with you pitching uh swamp land
because at the end of two days you're
like why I spent 24 hours with this
person like I feel like I can trust them
and so they actually build a reputation
in a very minor in a mini way in a tiny
audience to make the sale whereas if you
want to build in my opinion big Big
Brand you want to build that same level
of trust across millions of people and
then when you say hey I've got something
they all act as though they've been with
you for two straight days to make the
purchase and if you spent two days with
someone said hey buy my basketball
they'll all buy it but you just do that
times a million and that's what Big
Brand looks like Bas is truth number
eight you need to know what inputs and
outputs your money-making system are
broken down to the absolute smallest
action and that way you can crank the
hell out of it so let me explain so if I
say all right so this happens all the
time so we we want to invest to a
company we come in and a a lot of times
right like in we're in like the
diligence part of the of the deal cycle
and I say okay so you've got five sales
guys and you're spending 5,000 bucks a
day on ads that's your primary way of
getting leads why aren't we spending
50,000 a
day I just asked the question like why
like what stops us from spending 50,000
a
day and then a number of things will
come up and then the question is how
solvable are all those things now if
they say well whenever we spend more
money our row as goes down it be like
okay I would see that as your ad suck
great if they say um we can't handle the
call volume then I'd be like oh you
don't know how to hire recruit and train
salese cool if they say oh we could it's
just that we couldn't deliver based on
uh the promises that we make because we
have a lot of high touch service like
okay so you need to we need to
systematize more stuff on the back end
and get better training in place on the
back end ideally maybe bring someone in
who's ruling you know ruling that uh
oding that uh rather than the founder
who split between too many places right
so like you can you can quickly
understand where the constraint of the
business is by simply asking why can't
we 10x this right
now the skill of an individual is
inversely proportional to
how vague your direction can be so let
me explain so if I if someone comes to
me and says hey Alex uh I have this
product can you promote it I have no
marketing department can you just
promote it he can just say that or she
can just say that and I will know
everything else that that
means at the absolute lowest level if
you say that to a 5-year-old you'd be
like okay so this is what promotion
means and there's all these different
ways we can promote and I need you to
learn how to turn on a computer and then
this is how you create an email and this
is how you like you'd have to go step by
step by step and so the more vague your
direction the more skilled the
individuals you need to have in order to
do it which by the way is why smart
people is a great investment because
it's actually more efficient from a
communication perspective I can say hey
John fix churn and I can just say fix
churn and he knows all the subtasks
underneath of it but over time it's
valuable for you as the entrepreneur to
know as much much of that dirt as you
can so you can level check and say how
good is this person they really doing
their job Etc now let's go to
advertising a simple example actually
let's use the example I had earlier so
we had three different problems that I
presented I said why can't we 10x this
thing so the first version of the
problem was their ads suck and I say
okay you can't scale your row as there
so either so it's not just that they're
it's like that the The Tam could be bad
uh as in like they could be a local
market and you can't 10 extra ad been
from 5,000 to 50,000 a day cuz there's
just not that many people in the local
market but assuming that that's not the
case it's just that their ads suck that
I say okay walk me through the process
of how you make ads and so then what we
say is okay usually you can nail it down
to like you're not doing enough pre-work
and pre-work is defined as I need you
before you start to sit down and write
ads that you're going to look at the top
20 ads you've done of all time you're
going to rewatch them step one step two
you're going to go through all the ads
that you saw this week across all your
platforms that you thought were
interesting that you would like to model
step two step three you're going to
recreate the best ads you've done you're
literally going to remake make them step
two you're going to take the best ads
and just reformat them so old footage
new
edit versus same message new take and
then we're also going to create 30 more
ads that are completely new net new
takes using the ideas that you had
inspiration from and just inspiring from
old ads that you've used before that
you're not actually redoing the same
messaging you're mixing and matching and
doing a remix right and so it's like
great this is the process and and you're
going to do this every week and so that
means that you're going to spend half a
day prepping and half a day filming
every single week now it's very easy for
me to say when I say hey are you doing
the ads process that I I outlined
they're like no I we are but it's it's
not really working I'm like show me the
hooks that you wrote from the ads that
were already working show me the remixes
that you did from the best performers
show me your album that you've been
saving for all the ads that you like if
they can't show me these things they're
not doing the fundamental actions so
that's like example one if I said that
it was the like they can't scale the
sales team then I'd say okay how do we
scale the sales team so oh we just got
to go get people what does that actually
mean from an action level well it turns
out it means that we need to reach out
to 100 people on LinkedIn in order to
get uh one person hired okay so based on
our turn rate for sales guys let's say
we lose one person a quarter whatever
that happens more with bigger teams as a
side note um say okay well if if we do
uh three reach outs a day over 90 days
then we're just going to replace our
turn we're going to have 90 reach outs
it's going to create one good guy and
we're going to lose one guy so we're
never going to grow the team they're
like oh it's like so if we need to 10x
this team then we need to do well 100
gets us one and we lose a third of a
sales rep per month which if it's we had
a 5% in we'd be losing 20% per month by
the way you get employee turn the same
we you get customer turn and so you say
okay so our rate is 20% turn now is
there things we can fix that sure but
just for the sake of this this example
we say all right so we need to get if we
want to double this team this quarter we
need to do 500 reach outs now 500 reach
outs is going to result in call it uh 50
interviews and 50 interviews is going to
take them some try so we need to take at
least call it 10 maybe 15 interviews a
week because we want to be ahead um
because I don't want to get it by the
end I want to get I want to have these
people done and onboard and productive
by the end of this quarter not just
finished and so if you're like wow going
from 5 to 10 is a lot dude we put we
went from 0 to 40 in a company like it's
100% just your belief set of what's
possible and I will tell you this right
now this just a a life hack for making
more
money you will so many entrepreneurs
like youve built a five person sales
team and you immediately scale whatever
business you do next to a five person
sales team and then you stop there
because you just don't know how to grow
past that and so you just do what you're
comfortable with you're a lot of you
guys are comfortable at $1,000 day ANP
and you just know how to do that and you
can't get past that and so you have to
break these these these limiters that
you have say why can't I spend 10,000 a
day why can't I hire 30 sales guys to do
outbound in 90 days I heard a story um
of a uh multi-billionaire entrepreneur
ex Blackstone guy has raised billions
and millions of dollars whatever and he
became I can't share the company um
company's worth over 100 billion now and
it's not Shopify because if you're
thinking about Harley it's not him um
and he started this new fund and in
order to start it and he raised I think
like 20 billion his first
like highle
dude what he did was he flew
out I think he did 200 interviews in
seven days and so he said everybody come
here fly out to my warehouse he had his
team of five Killers with him that he
knew from that he took from his last
thing and he did 200 interviews in seven
days and then he got his team to start
the next thing that's the difference in
terms of level of execution that higher
higher level entrepreneurs do that it
would take a junior entrepreneur 3 years
to do that because they choose to
believe they can only take two
interviews a week if it is the
constraint of the business it is your
job and so you have to be able to break
down what the inputs of the business are
at the most actual level that yield
output so figure out the problem and
then figure out the action that you
actually do not not the not the output
the action that you have to do the
inputs at the most basic level so that
you can crank the hell out of it basis
truth Number Nine stop looking for hacks
and I mean hacks different than like
shortcuts I mean you know when when you
see something on like oh the they're
like start doing these hashtags because
that's what's working really well or um
start doing this this new uh messenger
thing that's only going to work for 60
days the thing is is that like if you
have to jump from these little mini
Trends to mini Trends to mini Trends the
moment that little mini Arbitrage thing
is done you're done you want to focus on
what the overall objective of of the
platforms that you advertise on are and
so
if I know that for example YouTube wants
people to click and they want them to
watch and ideally watch something else
then if I just always optimize all my
effort to getting those big things right
whether something's trending or like oh
yellow yellow uh yellow backgrounds are
doing really well in the short term
we're like you want to make sure that
you respond to every single comment well
within six minutes otherwise like it it
changes the anytime someone tells me
algorithm stuff I basically ignore it
Because unless the goal of a platform
has fundamentally changed all of this
other stuff is just is just distraction
because again what's the one thing that
matters most if I make something that's
so good that everyone is going to share
and the moment they watch they can't
wait to tell other people about it the
platform is g to is going to want to
distribute that I don't care what the
algorithm is it's going to want to
distribute that and even if it doesn't
so this is a real talk even if it
doesn't the 100 people who saw it will
get what I want out of it
and so the thing is is that it's so much
better to spend a 100 hours making one
exceptional thing than doing 100 things
mediocrely and now some of that's like
wait a second how does that contradict
with you got to do lots of quantity
quantity matters because it teaches you
how much work it takes to create quality
and so once you learn and this is like
if you look at uh I like YouTubers
because it's they have really well
documented like work cycles and you can
see all their product and marketing in
the same place is that
in the beginning many of them make more
videos and then over time they realize
that if they make a better video it has
outsize returns meaning if you make a
video that's 20% better than your
average video you might get five times
the views and it might take only twice
as much work to make your video 20%
better and so then all of a sudden
you're like oh well well instead of
making two videos I'll make one that's
20% better and then I'll get five times
the views and then that becomes the new
standard then all of a sudden it's like
okay well now we're making videos of
this standard but if I spend you know
twice time as I did on that video I get
this video that was already 20% better
another 20% better and then that gets
five times the views of the five times
the views and so what happens is over
time you learn how much work it takes to
make something great and that is why
quality starts to over time all these
platforms will always optimize towards
quality because there is no lack of
information like people have Google they
can find out whatever they want what
they want is value per second not
seconds of value and so our job if we
want to make anything whether it's a
product whether it's marketing whether
it's an ad whether it's a service that
we give that we sell is that it's I I
get so tired of hearing the entrepreneur
story and I used to be one of these guys
which is I get so frustrated this is me
yelling at my younger self is is I like
I provide so much value like there's so
much stuff that I give them but the
internet gives them literally everything
for
nothing and so it's not that people want
more they want better they want us to do
the work ahead of time people want to
bargain they want how can I compress 13
years of business lessons into two hours
how do I how do I do that how do I how
do I get the lessons from 35,000 Post in
60 minutes they want that they don't
want you to say hey you know what dude I
put all 35,000 of my posts inside of
this membership login it's so much value
they're not going to get value from it
because what would be so much more
valuable is distilling all of that down
to the most concrete form where every
time they consume it the value they get
per second is so high they can't stop
that's where and when you're thinking
about this stuff like quality is in the
details that you only realize with lots
of exposure and I think about this like
coats of paint when I write a book it's
it's not like I sit down and or write it
I write the first draft and then I put
another code of paint on it and then I
put a third code of paint on it and the
fourth code of paint on it and and and
I'll say this was a gift I got from the
Consulting in and and and banking World
which is let me tell you how they edit
let me tell you how it works
first you make uh a deck or a brief or
whatever deliverable you're going to
have to a customer or
client that's round
one the second round you look for just
punctuation
errors the third round you look for data
errors the fourth round you look for
misspellings and typos the fifth round
now all of a sudden every time you're
reading it you're also going to catch
other stuff too but you're specifically
looking for one type of thing and I'm
not a video editor but I would [__]
bet that this is exactly how you edit
video you think okay let's look for
lighting this time okay let's look at
transitions this time let's look at
Sound and Music this time let's look at
the actual uh content itself this time
and make sure that there like there
there's no there's no gaps or space and
so it's coats of paint and that exposure
over time and looking at it when you
when you start early in the morning and
the second time you look at it it's
after lunch the third time you look at
it in your bad mood and the fourth time
you look at it you just talk to your
wife about this other thing and that's
top of mind and so you you look at it
these different frames and you get away
it's like sanding down the rough edges
and you just keep getting at it and you
put different level uh grade sandpaper
so it gets finer and smoother and
smoother but that only happens with
exposure over time and lots of
licks and so you make the money you make
the money in the edit you make the money
in the distillation not in the creation
and so stop focusing on the
hacks and put all your effort into the
repeated bouts and bursts and going over
with the Sandpaper and the second coat
and the third coat and the fourth coat
of paint that is how you can escape
mediocrity and that's what everyone is
mediocre is unwilling to
do they think that the moment they put
the last period on their document that
they finish writing a book when really
they just put 80,000 words into a
document that no one's ever going to
read and you can teach quality to People
by teaching the process that begets
quality so if you say the first thing we
do is we have a wireframe and every
wireframe has to have a hook a story uh
lists or steps for an outcome and then a
conclusion that meets these standards
that's the wireframe have we done that
checkbox one checkbox two we record the
whole thing we fill in the gaps great
checkbox three we look for transitions
checkbox four we look for and so then
they can follow your step for creating
quality and most people just never
document what they do which is why every
time they have to reinvent the wheel and
they have to reinvent the wheel for
every new person who comes into their
company which is why it's so taxing when
you're small to bring people on because
you feel you have no training you have
no systems but if you can document these
things for yourself which a by the way
will make you better B it also make it
easier for you to bring your people in
so you can ultimately replace yourself
and keep the quality where you want it
to be bsiness truth 10 the best people
cost more but make you way more than
they cost it's still one of the biggest
Arbitrage opportunities that exist in
business and I think will continue to
exist in business as long as humans work
right and and the thing is that small
business owners never get this so it's
really just the big businesses that are
competing for talent that's where the
talent where happens is at the top and
do you think there's a coincidence that
the biggest businesses are the ones that
are competing for talent why do you
think that is it's because they
understand that Talent is what makes
them a big business and so the thing is
is and this is where small businesses
get in trouble again and I did this too
is that you have to be worthy of the
level of talent that you need and have a
mission that's aligned with what they
find meaningful so um I have a I have an
that's in the porn business I have no
moral comms he does legal everything he
does is legal do what you want one of
the issues that he has is it's very hard
for him to find high level talent
because a lot of people don't want to
work in the porn industry and so I say
that as as a hypothetical extreme but
some of you guys are working one degree
less than that you're like I sell a day
trading thing it's like oh so you are
somehow you beat the market well
obviously if you sell day trading then
you should just be day trading and not
selling courses on how to day trade if
you were so good at it and you
definitely wouldn't tell people what the
trades were duh right and so the thing
here is the level of talent that you can
attract for that level of opportunities
can be very different from like I want
to create something that takes all trash
and turns it into energy you're going to
get people who are very Mission driven
there's a reason that every single one
of Elon musk's businesses is here to
save the world that's not a mistake now
there's two elements to that one is that
they could save the world the second is
that that's what he makes it about so
Twitter before this wasn't about having
free speech and civilization it was just
a social media platform but now it's the
last Beacon or Bastion of free speech
that's what Elon has positioned it as
now uh Ula which is United launch
Alliance which is a government
contracted that does a lot of space
things you might not have heard of them
but SpaceX is how mankind is going to
survive if anything happens to Earth and
so we're going to become an
interplanetary species so the likelihood
that we can survive any kind of event if
we're a multiplanetary species goes up
for our survival as a race and so he
made SpaceX not about doing rockets and
Government Contracting which although
that is how they make their money he
made it about saving Humanity Tesla is
about its electronic cars there is a
zillion other car companies that have
electronic cars but why is it only Tesla
is about having this because it's the
future of having Earth be
environmentally
friendly every one of his companies he
makes about saving the world and by
doing that you get people who will work
not and day to save the world and so
I'll give you four little personal
examples that I've had or sorry three
personal examples that I've had um
around this I remember when I had my
first $50,000 year employee because
before this I'd only worked with hourly
hourly wage employees at my gyms and
that one person gave me the time because
they could manage my first location to
open up my second location which made
250,000 a year in profit and so wait so
I paid $50,000 a year for somebody out
of one location to allow me to open up
my second location made $250 50,000 I
Got 5 to one on that great investment
now somebody might say oh why would you
give up $50,000 when you could do that
well cuz I want to make 250 on the next
thing the Second Story I had this is a
little a little bigger my first $300,000
year employee guess what they did this
was my first really really exceptional
salesperson he brought in $5 million in
sales that year I paid him 300 Grand was
that worth it absolutely was it more
than I'd ever paid a sales pres for
absolutely so it was worth it and it was
even worth it my first million dooll
employee immediately in their first 90
days Saved Me 3 million bucks a year
immediately and she was like all right I
just want to make sure I paid for myself
now let's do this other stuff and then
with her contacts in her Rolodex allowed
us to package our companies and then
sell them through her network of bankers
and private Equity firms and so I didn't
come from that world and so I hired an
executive that had 35 years of
experience who had sold who had been
sside over 40 times because I was like
I've never done this before and so I
found somebody who already had now I had
to pay him a million dollars a year but
was it worth it more than anything and
so the thing is is that what's crazy is
that the stories I just told you the
Arbitrage on value actually increased as
I spent more think about crazy that is a
$50,000 got me a 5x a 300 got me a 14x a
million got me a
50x this is why I believe that Talent is
still the most underrated big biggest
money-making Arbitrage opportunity that
exists and the biggest constraint to you
getting there is that your company's
[__] and you're [__] brutal
business TR number 11 the big obvious
thing is the problem not the hundred
other things I want to be clear about
this the details absolutely matter but
when I talk to business owners today the
vast majority of the time I can just
keep hitting them on this one question
because they want to avoid answering it
and I'm like have you tried your food
have you gone through the workouts you
sell have you been a customer of your
own
product and more times than not the
answer is no not recently and they're
like no but I don't think that's the
problem because a lot of times the hard
thing is the thing that hurts your ego
the most and so this's a quote from
Williamson uh Chris Williamson he said
the magic you're looking for is the work
in the work you're avoiding and I think
that's absolutely true also from a
business perspective is that what thing
if it were true would hurt your feelings
the most often times that thing is the
truth and it's the one that we're not
willing to face like let's be real your
service might not be that good let's be
real the reason your restaurant isn't
growing isn't because your SEO isn't
updated it's not because your website
isn't you know optimized it's because
your food sucks and the real real is
that it might not even suck it might
just be mediocre but the difference
between mediocre and exceptional is
those hundred details but most people
are working on all these other things
beyond the main thing that matters most
and so I remember pelaton the story of
the founders they were talking about how
they were trying to build pelaton they
said what we did is we fundamentally
believe that if we could be the best
part of everyone's day that if everybody
who came to one of our workouts left
saying that was unbelievable and they
had to tell people about it they're like
how good would we have to make it that
the next person they talked to it was
the first thing they brought up and I
love that as a litmus test for how good
is the thing that I sell and so many
people just do anything they can to have
quote something to sell like some [__]
to sell
but that's the reason you get stuck
because the thing is is that on some
level whether you admit it or not you
know it could be better and that then
influences how hard you push because if
you really believed you had the best
pizza in the world and I hear this all
the time people like oh we're the
absolute best I'm like no you're not
dude no you're not stop saying that
because when if you say that you're
lying on some level and you're lying to
other people and you're lying to
yourself and so I think most business
owners lie to themselves about how good
they are at the things that they do
because confronting the fact that
they're just insufficient they're not
good enough they're inexperienced they
haven't put enough work in to be good
frightens them and so then they want to
just scatter their focus to hundred
things that they read online
but unless the workouts are amazing
unless the food is exceptional long term
all you do is you just let lots of
people know that your food's
mediocre and that's where thinking about
business in terms of years and decades
starts really paying off because if you
believe that you're going to go big and
you want to go big then you honestly
want as few people as possible to find
out about the product when it's mediocre
rather than as many people as possible
and so it's counterintuitive because you
have to pay bills today and tomorrow and
so you just need to advertise enough
that you can continue to iterate the
product and then when you nail it when
people are stoked when you're starting
to grow on your own based on the word of
mouth because as soon as people leave
your establishment they leave your
business they get off a call with you
whatever it is they then can't help but
tell everybody they talk to that day
about your thing that is when you add
the gasoline that's when you pour it on
so for example uh my my most recent
investment school.com which is a
community platform for helping people
build and monetized
communities I had been watching that
company since
2018 and watching what Sam the founder
was doing and watching how he was
iterating the product and when I decided
to become a co-owner of the business it
was because the business was growing on
its own it had zero marketing and it was
growing month after month and had net
growth every single day based on people
telling other people about the product
and so that's when I knew I was like
okay if this thing can grow without me
then how much more will it grow with me
and that's what I want to get into I
want to get into a business where I
already know the product's exceptional I
already know it has a a a base rate of
growth based on Word of Mouth so that
now when I introduce thousands and tens
of thousands and hundreds of thousands
of people to the platform they will
associate me with that
value and I know that the product will
deliver and then take over from the
they're not going to buy they might buy
because of the association but they stay
because of the product I've created all
of my wealth in four distinct
periods in the very beginning with my
gym I had a 30 to1 return on Advertising
the reason that that Arbitrage existed
meaning I put a dollar and I get $30 out
I put $1,000 in I get $30,000 out the
reason that Arbitrage existed was
because Facebook at the time was wildly
underpriced I'm just going to be very
honest that's why that first Arbitrage
happened the next Arbitrage that
occurred was in gym launch where we got
100 to one for the first year I spent a
100 Grand and made $10
million
yes and as a side note most of the very
wealthy people that I know had distinct
periods of time where opportunity
presented itself and then they just back
the truck up they just went all in on
that thing what happens in between is
you make normal money but it's those
those windows of time where these
opportunities present themselves where
we can just make crazy money so gym
launch was a 100 to1 and the reason it
was 100 to1 was because the product that
I was selling was the 30 to1 thing that
I had from the gyms and so everybody who
became a len then was immediately
printing money in their gym and the
product was so good what ended up
happening I I say and so now I'm going
to give you like a look behind the
curtain here I say at 100 to1 which I
did but the reality is I just spent
$100,000 and made 10 million and a lot
of that was from word of mouth because
if IID spent $0 I don't know how much
money I would have made versus spending
the 100 Grand that I did on ads but I
still probably would have made a decent
amount of money on zero ads Bend because
the people came in got the result we
promised and then told five other gyms
and especially in a niche the people
everyone knows everyone the smaller the
niche the smaller the local market the
more connected it is and the more word
of mouth
matters and that's where you can get
these absurd returns that's when you get
into this like it feels like printing
money because if you have good margins
on the thing and you have zero cost to
acquire or very low cost to acquire
because of the word of mouth then it
just goes nuts and you just like you're
like just accepting money hand over fist
like oh my God this is unbelievable and
if anything that's when you kind of like
throttle back to make sure that you can
consistently keep that word of mouth and
you can deliver on your promises by the
way if this is valuable for you or your
team or your executive team uh don't be
lame share the game uh this is how we
know that you want us to make more of
this honestly just like we look at data
the more people share it the more we
make more of that stuff and so if you're
a business owner specifically like I'm
calling you out I'm making my stuff for
you and so like please share it so I
know that this is the type of stuff you
want